# gamedesign
The goal of the game is to show the absurdity of working in a modern factory through in-game representation. The game starts with a certain amount of gold which the player can use to hire workers. The main goal of the game is to produce enough products from the workers to meet the goal of the factory. Each worker will generate a certain amount of products while consuming golds as salary every 2 seconds. The players need to maintain the balance so that the workers get enough salary and the factory is still profitable. One mechanic in the game is “work hard”, which forces workers to generate additional products. Every time “work hard” button is pressed, some workers might choose to jump off the buildings because they can not stand the working condition. The death of the workers will slow down the production but lowers the salary needed to pay. There also exists a possibility that one worker might turn into a robot after “work hard”. Each robot will generate a huge amount of product without needing any salary. The mechanics of turning a worker into a robot is designed to represent how bourgeoisie shapes normalcy to fit their needs. It is ideal for them to have robots. The exploitation will be to make the workers like robots. The workers are exploited to believe that it is normal to work as robots. The factory can also purchase robots with a high cost. The players need to make decisions so that the factory make enough products each turn while earning enough golds to buy robots.

please read readme file for pictures.
